---
id: 1733763431-JCBV
aliases:
  - Hyperlane-srs
tags: []
---

# Hyperlane-srs


## gjialdon

- Proven track record in audit contests: 4x 1st place and 5x top 5 in audit contests, including winning Reserve Protocol's 1st Hackathon. Proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities and providing high-quality audit reports
- Experienced developer with a strong background in Solana: Lead auditor for several high-profile Solana projects, including Orderly and WooFi. Audited the GMX Solana implementation, demonstrating expertise in Solana smart contract security. Proficient in Rust, the primary language used for Solana development.
- Diverse technical expertise: Skilled in multiple programming languages, including Solidity, Elixir, Golang, Ruby, Python, and JavaScript. 
- Why they are a good fit: As one of the leading Solana auditors in the space, gjialdon brings a unique combination of technical expertise, audit experience, and Solana-specific knowledge to the table. Their proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities and providing high-quality audit reports makes them an excellent fit for auditing Hyperlane's Sealevel implementation.


## xiaoming90

- Good Understanding of Hyperlane's ecosystem: xiaoming90 has already demonstrated his expertise in auditing Hyperlane integrations, having successfully audited the Velodrome Hyperlane integration. This experience has given him a unique understanding of Hyperlane's architecture and potential vulnerabilities.
- Unparalleled success in audit contests: With 21 contest wins and 18 contests as Lead Senior Watson, xiaoming90 has consistently proven himself to be one of the top auditors in the space. His creativity and deep understanding of codebases have allowed him to uncover an impressive number of high-severity issues.
- Specialized expertise in cross-chain communication and DeFi protocols: xiaoming90 has a strong background in auditing complex DeFi protocols and cross-chain communication solutions, including bridges, L2 solutions, and liquid staking/re-staking mechanisms. This expertise will be invaluable in auditing Hyperlane's Sealevel implementation.
- Why they are a good fit: xiaoming90's experience with Hyperlane, combined with his exceptional track record in audit contests and his specialized expertise in cross-chain communication and DeFi protocols, make him an ideal candidate to audit Hyperlane's Sealevel/Solana implementation. His creativity and deep understanding of codebases will ensure that he identifies potential vulnerabilities and provides high-quality audit reports.


## bin2chen

- Rust and Solana experience: bin2chen is proficient in Rust and has demonstrated his ability to effectively identify security vulnerabilities in Rust codebases, with multiple top positions in Rust-based audits. He has also audited the Solana deployment of GMX with Sherlock, further showcasing his experience with Solana-based projects.
- Proven track record in audit contests: bin2chen has achieved impressive results in numerous audit contests, including scoring first-place four times and identifying 11 bugs in the Andromeda contest. He has also found high-severity issues in contests such as EigenLayer and has a strong track record in competitions like zkSync.
- Diverse protocol knowledge and expertise in derivative protocols: bin2chen has audited a wide range of Rust based protocols, including GMXv2 and Andromeda. 
- Why they are a good fit: bin2chen's expertise in Rust, combined with his impressive audit experience and diverse protocol knowledge, make him a strong candidate to audit Hyperlane's Sealevel implementation. His skills and experience, will enable him to effectively identify and report security vulnerabilities in the protocol.


## J4X

- Proven Rust Expertise: J4X has consistently demonstrated exceptional skills in identifying security vulnerabilities in Rust code, having found 15 high/medium severity vulnerabilities. His expertise is further highlighted by his achievements of securing the first position in audit contests of Grass (Solana), Centrifuge, Metromthe, and HydraDX, as well as second position in the Andromeda contest on Sherlock. Additionally. This is showcasing his in-depth knowledge of Rust-based projects and ability to identify complex security vulnerabilities.
- Experienced Auditor with a Strong Track Record: J4X has an impressive track record of success in contests, having placed 1st once and scored 3rd twice in 10 contests. He has also earned a total of $36.6k in Rust-based contests, showcasing his consistency and skill in identifying security vulnerabilities. Notably, he was part of the GMX Solana audit by Sherlock, demonstrating his experience working with Solana-based projects. His achievements in auditing Grass, Centrifuge, and Metrom further solidify his position as a top-tier auditor.
- Highly Experienced with Rust-based Projects: J4X has audited several high-profile Rust-based projects, including Andromeda, HydraDX, Grass, Centrifuge, and Metrom, securing top positions in these contests. This experience showcases his ability to identify complex security vulnerabilities and his proficiency in gas optimization, making him a highly skilled auditor in the Rust ecosystem.
- Why they are a good fit: J4X's expertise in Rust, combined with his impressive track record of success in contests and his experience working with Solana-based projects, such as Grass, make him a strong candidate to audit Hyperlane's Sealevel implementation. His ability to identify complex security vulnerabilities, as demonstrated by his achievements in auditing Centrifuge and Metrom, make him a valuable asset for the audit.

## S3v3ru5 

- Accomplished CTF Player: As a member of several CTF teams, s3v3ru5 has consistently demonstrated his skills in cryptography and security-related CTFs. His experience in these competitions has honed his ability to analyze complex systems and identify potential vulnerabilities.
- Seasoned Blockchain Security Engineer: s3v3ru5 previously worked as a Blockchain Security Engineer at Trail of Bits, where he gained hands-on experience in evaluating & securing blockchain systems and smart contracts. This expertise has given him a deep understanding of the underlying mechanics of blockchain technology.
- Proven Track Record in Solana Audit Contests: s3v3ru5 has an impressive record of success in Solana-based audit contests, with top results in multiple competitions. His findings have included critical vulnerabilities in Solana vault contracts, swap functions, and raffle systems, demonstrating his ability to identify complex security issues in Solana-based projects.
- Why they are a good fit: s3v3ru5's unique blend of cryptography expertise, CTF experience, and blockchain security engineering background makes him an ideal candidate to audit Hyperlane's Sealevel/Solana implementation. His proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities in Solana-based projects demonstrates his skill and attention to detail, making him a valuable asset for the audit.



---