---
id: 1734624929-PVAM
aliases:
  - Optimism-Isthmus
tags: []
---

# Optimism-Isthmus

Isthmus Upgrade:

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1055271194493984779/1319031035228590120/Audit_Request_OPCM_Upgrades_1_1.pdf?ex=676523a1&is=6763d221&hm=6eaa536bf6af4ddc7966183820fdc9f5f1944157271531b2990d6f273f147e78&


## SRs (RAW)

### 0xdeadbeef

- (42 on Sherlock)
- participated in all Sherlock Optimism contests and scored 15th and 6th place.
- also participated in the Base contest (OP stack based; C4) and scored 14th place.
- relevant Findings: 
  - found a Bug in the CrossDomainMessenger which could cause funds to be stuck.
  - Found a M severity Bug in L1OutputOracle
  - Scored 3rd place and found a critical issue in our Eco contest, which was mainly about interaction with the Optimism Bridge


### GalloDaSballo

- 60 on Sherlock
- participated in the Optimism (Bedrock) contest and scored 11th place.as well as the FaultProof Contest (2nd place)
- also participated in the Base contest (OP-stack based; C4) and scored 4th place.
- relevant findings:
  - Found an issue in the OptimismPortal implementation, related to Gas checks

### unforgiven

- participated in the all Sherlock Optimism contests and scored 3rd place and 7th place.
- relevant Findinfs:
  - found a DoS issue in the OptimismPortal implementation in the Optimism Update contest.

### gabriel (gjialdon)

- Audited an Optimism Bedrock Update with Trust Security
- Blackthorn exclusive auditor
- relevant findings:
  - found an issue in CrossDomainMessenger


## Call Notes

Maintenance changes:

- OPCM --> Upgrade Function (like Maker spell)
- Orchestrates Upgrade (sits outside)
- establishes all steps required. other than Maker Spell. --> No influence over the system (outside the system)

OPCM will be upgraded with every update
similar to reviewing Deploy scripts
--> Best practices, is everything thought of. 
- Process audit


- 2-3 researchers

---

## SR Descriptions (fleshed out)
### GalloDaSballo

- **Optimism Audit Experience:** GalloDaSballo participated in the Optimism (Bedrock) contest, scoring 11th place, and found a notable issue in the OptimismPortal implementation related to gas checks. He also participated in the Base contest, where he scored 4th place, as well as the OP FaultProof Contest (2nd place).
- Relevant Audit Findings: He has a history of discovering significant vulnerabilities, including an issue in the OptimismPortal implementation, demonstrating his ability to identify and report critical findings.
- Auditing Expertise: GalloDaSballo is proficient in fuzz testing, having organized webinars like FuzzFest, and has a strong track record in auditing, with a ranking of 60 on the Sherlock ELO leaderboard. He has audited several top-tier protocols, including Ethos Reserve, Tapioca, Raft, and Apollo, and has discovered bugs in Liquity and Prisma.
- Why they are a good fit: With his experience auditing Optimism itself, proficiency in fuzz testing, and strong track record in identifying vulnerabilities, he is well-equipped to participate in the Optimism Isthmus upgrade audit. His understanding of Optimism's Layer 2 rollup technology and his general auditing expertise make him a valuable asset in ensuring the security and integrity of the Optimism codebase.


### Gabriel 

- **Optimism Audit Experience:** Gabriel has previously audited an Optimism Bedrock update with Trust Security, demonstrating his familiarity with Optimism's architecture. In this audit they found a significant issue in the CrossDomainMessenger, showcasing his ability to identify critical vulnerabilities.
- **Exclusive Auditing Expertise:** As a Blackthorn exclusive auditor, Gabriel brings a high level of expertise and dedication to his auditing work. His experience and reputation as a top-tier security researcher make him a valuable asset in evaluating the security and integrity of complex systems.
- **Technical Proficiency:** He is a highly skilled developer with a strong background in multiple programming languages, including Solidity, Rust, and others. He has consistently demonstrated his ability to excel in complex codebase-focused contests, securing 1st place in several major competitions on Sherlock. His long-term background in Web2 and Web3 development are further showcasing his understanding of Development and Deployment Lifecycles for critical Smart Contracts.
- **Why they are a good fit:** With his exceptional technical skills, proven track record of identifying high-severity issues, and experience auditing Optimism, Gabriel is a strong candidate for this engagement. His ability to spot critical vulnerabilities, combined with his dedication and expertise, make him well-suited to deliver high-quality results and provide valuable insights to improve the security and integrity of Optimism's Isthmus upgrade.


### MiloTruck

- **Optimism Audit Experience:** MiloTruck has previously worked with Zach Obront on a similar audit engagement, and has experience auditing L2 blockchains like Blast. He also participated in the Optimism Fault Proof contest, where he scored 3rd place and identified 4 issues related to the Dispute Game logic.
- **Technical Expertise:** He is a highly skilled security researcher with a strong background in blockchain and EVM security. He has a proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities and has worked on numerous private audits and contests.
- **Audit Contest Success:** MiloTruck has consistently demonstrated his auditing expertise through his participation in audit contests. He has won numerous contests, including those for LUKSO, Lens Protocol V2, and the Arbitrum Security Council Elections.
- Why they are a good fit: With his experience auditing Optimism, technical expertise, and proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities, MiloTruck is a strong candidate for this engagement. His ability to work independently and as part of a team, combined with his dedication to delivering high-quality results, make him well-suited to provide valuable insights and expertise to ensure the security and integrity of Optimism's Layer 2 rollup technology.


### sammy

- **Optimism Audit Experience:** Sammy has previously familiarized himself with Optimism's codebase and reviewed all the issues found in their Sherlock contests earlier this year. He has a strong understanding of the codebase and is well-positioned to identify potential vulnerabilities.
- **Technical Expertise:** Sammy has versatile expertise spanning L1/L2 blockchains, cross-chain bridges, NFTs, yield farming, and account abstraction. He has a sharp eye for critical vulnerabilities and has identified significant issues in high-profile audits, such as the AleoHQ audit.
- **Audit Contest Success:** He has consistently demonstrated his auditing expertise through his participation in audit contests, with three contest wins this year and podium finishes in five out of nine contests between June and October. He has a strong work ethic and is committed to delivering high-quality results.
- **Why they are a good fit:** With his familiarity with Optimism's codebase, technical expertise, and proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities, Sammy is a strong candidate for this engagement. His ability to work efficiently and effectively, combined with his strong work ethic, make him well-suited to provide valuable insights and expertise to ensure the security and integrity of Optimism's Layer 2 rollup technology, particularly given the tight schedule and need for rapid issue identification and resolution

### Backup

### unforgiven

- **Optimism Audit Experience:** Unforgiven has participated in all Sherlock Optimism contests, scoring 3rd place and 7th place, and has found a significant DoS issue in the OptimismPortal implementation. This experience demonstrates his familiarity with Optimism's technology and his ability to identify critical vulnerabilities.
- **Technical Expertise:** Unforgiven has a strong background in blockchain and smart contract security, with a proven track record of identifying high-severity issues in various protocols. He has participated in numerous audit contests and has consistently demonstrated his expertise in finding critical vulnerabilities.
- **Audit Contest Success:*+ He has achieved significant success in audit contests, including winning 1st place in the GoGoPool audit and 3rd place in the Paraspace audit. He has also ranked highly in the leaderboards.
- **Why they are a good fit:** With his experience auditing Optimism, technical expertise, and proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities, unforgiven is a strong candidate for this engagement. His ability to work efficiently and effectively, combined with his strong work ethic, make him well-suited to provide valuable insights and expertise to ensure the security and integrity of Optimism's Layer 2 rollup technology.


### 0xdeadbeef

- **Optimism Audit Experience**: 0xdeadbeef has participated in all Sherlock Optimism contests, scoring 15th and 6th place, as well as the Base contest, scoring 14th place. He has found significant issues in Optimism's codebase, including a bug in the CrossDomainMessenger that could cause funds to be stuck and a medium-severity bug in L1OutputOracle.
- **Technical Expertise**: 0xdeadbeef is a skilled web3 security researcher with experience finding bugs in audits of various protocols and Bug Bounty programs, demonstrating his expertise in identifying and reporting security vulnerabilities.
- **Audit Contest Success**: 0xdeadbeef has achieved notable success in audit contests, including scoring 3rd place and finding a critical issue in the Eco contest, which focused on interaction with the Optimism Bridge. He is currently ranked 42 on the Sherlock leaderboard, demonstrating his consistent performance in identifying security vulnerabilities.
- **Why they are a good fit**: With his experience auditing Optimism, technical expertise, and proven track record of identifying critical vulnerabilities, 0xdeadbeef is a strong candidate for this engagement. His ability to identify and report security issues, combined with his experience working with various protocols and platforms, make him well-suited to provide valuable insights and expertise to ensure the security and integrity of Optimism's Isthmus Upgrade.


---